[Kommander 1.4.4] Release Notes (#4125)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/1.4/release-notes/1.4.4/index.md

To get started with Kommander, [download](/dkp/konvoy/1.8/download/) and [install](/dkp/konvoy/1.8/install/) the latest version of Konvoy.

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>You must be a registered user and logged on to the support portal to download this product. New customers must contact their sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@d2iq.com">sales@d2iq.com</a> before attempting to download or install Konvoy.</p>

# Release Summary
Kommander provides a command center for all your cloud native management needs in public Information as a Service (IaaS), on-premises, and edge environments. Kommander provides a multi-tenant experience to create, secure, and configure Kubernetes clusters and cloud native workloads. Kommander enables teams to unlock federated cost management across multiple clusters, whether they are a new Konvoy cluster or an existing 3rd party/DIY distribution installation.

### Supported versions

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
| **Minimum**  | 1.18.x  |
| **Maximum**  | 1.20.x  |
| **Default**  | 1.20.5  |

## Features/Improvements

> - Size of air-gapped bundles have been reduced by updating federated addons and images to those used in Kubernetes Base Addons (KBA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Xize of air-gapped bundles have been reduced by updating federated addons and images to those used in Kubernetes Base Addons (KBA) (COPS-6963)
```

### Bug fixes

> - Replace has been added as a concurrency policy to to the Grafana dashboard CronJob to prevent the unintended creation of an unbound number of pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A concurrency policy has been added to to the Grafana dashboard CronJob to prevent the unintended creation of an unbound number of pods. (COPS-7105)
```

Reviewer 2: Double "to".

> ### Component Versions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Component versions
```
